Welcome to the next section of the course and to a brand new user story.
So let's read it together.
As a user, I'd like to know the number of jobs that matched my search results so that I can be sure
my filters are being applied.
So let me take you out of this presentation and straight to the Google Careers Web page where we can
see this in action.
So here I have it open in a separate tab.
And if you want to be at the same page that I am, you can click on this jobs link on the top menu right
here.
Another way to get to this page, by the way, from the main landing page, is to provide a role and
a location and click the search button.
And that will take us to the jobs page as well.
And yes, we will be building out all of these features throughout the course.
But I'd like you to turn your focus right now to the jobs page.
So the way this page works is the user applies a bunch of filters right here on the left hand side,
for example, they can filter for jobs with a certain degree or education requirement.
They can filter for the type of jobs such as full time or part time.
They can filter for organizations within Google, such as Google or YouTube, different companies.
And as they click these checkboxes, you'll notice the jobs on the right hand side will change.
But more importantly, for the purposes of this section, you'll notice that this number right here
is going to change to reflect the number of jobs that match that search criteria.
So, for example, if I apply another filter here part time, that's going to increase the number of
jobs that are available.
If I only look for part time jobs, you'll notice that there's only going to be eight jobs that have
both part time job type and a bachelor's degree requirement.
So we're not going to get to this page right now.
We will certainly get to this page later in the course.
But for now, we're just going to start building out this sub now right here where we have this magnifying
glass and the number of jobs that match the actual user queries.
Later on, we're going to indeed hardwire this number to the page right here and the users search filters.
But since we don't have those built out for now, we're just going to be working on building out this
sub nav, as I call it, this thing below the main navigation menu, the secondary navigation menu,
if you will.
And we're going to be worried about styling.
It's dealing with all kinds of different view ideas to get it into the right location and give it the
right functionality.
This is going to be a good opportunity to both review old view concepts and also introduce some new
ones.
I know it seems like a very small feature because we're just going to statically hardcoded a magnifying
glass and you know, a static number and the words jobs matched.
But there is a lot more to learn about view simply through this small user ID ticket.
And then we're going to come back to this later in the course.
And again, we're going to hardwire this to actually be accurate, to reflect the number of jobs that
match the user's search parameters.
All right.
So with that, we can transition back to Visual Studio code and start on our next slice of work.